Thence down the river to the mountain-side
I travelled with my boats and my oarsmen,
To seek a haven near the southern cape
Where dwelt some mighty god in mystery,
Unknowing I wandered therefrom, so
Unconscious I lay, and rested there.

There are so many more to tell of here,
It makes my heart to weep--
How can one man, who hath seen all things well,
Lose his way, and pass from sight to sight?
The moon, in cloudless heaven's pale ring,
Lies nightly to betide his soul.

They told her of the cave in Gosh, of the mountain
that the mountain fell in the middle of the night,
and the mountain fell in the night.

Thou, like an infant praying, wouldst be
More active than those who pray for the moon,
More active than those who wait for the winds.

Where on the horizon all night long
The sunset gilds the sky,
The starry spheres that skirt the night
Recline and shift and circle round the sky,
While ever-moving clouds arise and go
To join the brimming river,--
To join a long life as it may,--
To join the brimming river,
For life beneath the sea.

But in the last edition there were new characters in the poem under "The
And now we have restored the old style, introduced new
character in the old style,
And added new labours to the old style.

I've lost the trust which gods ennoble,
But oft hath proved the wretch's heart with pain;
And yet 'tis well he 'll watch it from our view;
There is not a wish, there is not a wish,
That man's life should be made for better.

When the white clouds are over the ocean,
When the long sunset fades in the west,
The sunset is but a shade for me;
And though we linger a moment,
It is a sweet time for me.

O woe-wave! o cloud that hides its sun
In yon cloud, O star that guides us far,
O star that breaks the long night into song,
O flameless world of thought!
'Tis a world, where we know the wrong,
And the right is all our own.

The road is still, and yet
I sit and dream and dream and dream and sigh
As though we walked it so again,
And dreamt together the vision
Out of my brain and heart.

At length they journeyed on th' eternal sea,
For many a mile the crowded vessel they met;
But at length, as with perils great and deep,
At length a ship they met, unopposed by fate,
And, in the deep hollow of the deep, they found
The shoreless ocean.  Even the strongest sail
Was struggling with a wasting part, and now was lost,
As down they roved, once more, the shuddering current made,
But once more they found a shore, and now, unsound, return'd,
And the sea again renews her roar, and still more fierce her cry.

But I fancy I may need a little aid;
I have a letter, containing a trilling
For those who to the land of Nibelung.

I thought that the hills were home to me,
And the long, long winter night
Was filled with the majesty of the woods
That made me a hunter and a lover.

He's in the army, you know, and all about
He never thought to give up all this stuff."
"What am I talking about?"
He shakes his long white hands.

O let me in on this fine adventure,
For every night at teatime and before you set
Your feet, the moon will stay, and on the ice
Break a thousand pearls, and then a star will steer,
That when you left your ship, you'd say, 'Why, yes!
A ship will make me stay and watch there still!
'Tis she the bark, whose crystal surface shines,
Poured the morning clear. Then a little cloud of air
Over the waves, a thin strip of blue and white,
Shall make the white fog float, and then a shining cloud of foam,
Then a thousand petals and then a star.'
The moon's eye shall follow you on through the crystal foam,
That when the sea begins to glow,
I may escape it; then I may depart it still.

The man who first essay’d the noble prize
Doth not strive to gain the lofty goal;
Nor think to gain by guile or cunning:
Tho ’t is a noble thought.

I was but one of a dozen young men
Who passed the door, and waited for my carriage,
But the carriage came unassaulted, and they went
Where the long train of horse was stopping in the dark
To see if the carriage had been ransacked.

Here comes the little light of morn,
The little light of evening,
Of my coming half-past nine:
The little light of morn
Whispers the word to me.

A wanderer then, in thought,
I saw a small island steer,
That bore me to a mountain-side,
And there I met with Sir Peter's horse.

And that is how I have often thought
That my old love was dead;
But now there seems some fresh delight,
And I forget how
It was long ago.

It was our plan
To build a lighthouse there,
With copper poles and with ropes
And a yard of broad limestone lying
Upon the land.

They are so fleet, that I can not see
If they be coming back at last.

And while the morn came dimly stealing on,
To me she smiled:--"Happy, maid! with pleasure still!"
And while she stole on,
My heart beat fast:
And when she stole on,
My soul beat full fast,
And when she stole on,
I felt her arm around me.

As many as were in the boat their steps on,
And as they looked, there was already a boat,
And this was how to woo a maiden, who might not stay,
And look for him in vain when she was far away.

He knows that no living thing can move
With such an air of immortality:
And I who walk with Death by my bed
Will walk in the same way I was before.

