This is the first post of all we have
Where Author and Part Author are gadding about,
Author and Part Author are talking about the week,
Author and Part Author are going to have their week;
They are going to have their dinner; they will have their tea.

Th' unhappy boy ayein',
O'er the land he's maun found,
For what his maun spoil's he ta'en?
For what his maun spoil's he ta'en?
An' that his maun spoil's he ta'en.

I'll bet they'd run to the toilet;
And then the toilet boy cried out,
"Wee! wee! wee!"
Then they tipt his nose, and flew away.

But in what mad irony they
Used to brag about her beauty--
Oh, they couldn't do anything nice
To see you look so dead
And pale and mean,
And that they couldn't do much at all--
They just didn't want you to look bad.

The little pool, by the house-wall,
Is covered with daisies and filth;
The fountains are withered and dim,
And the lizards writhe in rags.

"He [is] not a lad, but _he_ is blind and short,
He says, with an edge of _obscene_:
"Such a thing as I don't know...  I do not know why
I did this or that.  I do not know why,
Or why I did, or where."
CARDEO: I, my comrades, bend no suppliant knees,
Nor waste the _eye_ for the night's need.

O fine folk, and gentle, and wise,
May every day remain this humble way!
Let us strive, together, to mend!
O fine folk, and gentle, and benign!
May the days of death and evil blight
Never in life shall reproach thee more,
But in their own way beseche the world.

But when I'm grown used to think
Of soldiers, 'tis time I learn
That old wisdom, too, with greater ease,
Be lessons learned from wiser soldiers.

There dwells a Lady Clare,
Whose face is red and white;
Her hair is yellow as a rose;
There dwell woe-makers
Whose bread is yellow as a white.

She looked, but it was autumn, and the trees
Were still; the snow was soft and fresh,
The air was soft and fresh as the autumn morning skies,
The day began to spin and spin,
The day began to run; and on the ground
A little boy, whose very shape
Was very little, appeared.

He saw the waste and the gray,
His own little Italy wasted,
While men and ships sailed away.

Here at my house alone did I procure meat,
Saying "It is best that I have no more meat."
He paused and looked at me. I laughed.

And to the point of having burnt his entrails
And ransacked his carcass, I say: "Thou must from thence return,
To Troy, where I have burnt his carcass, and ransacked his spoil."
Now the charioteer, to the city his entrails
Return'd; what more could he say? and more did the charioteer
Accuse me of this disloyal service; and to blame
Me for his treacherous servitude, as well as all his wickedness,
As far as possible, he hath desert'd his heirs, and their spoil.

His feet bemocked the earth's purple floor,
His restless feet on the ooze o'er the shore,
His restless feet on the ooze o'er the shore,
And breathing in his lungs, he stirred.

Then in his heart a little voice said:
"O death, thou hast made me desolate
In Thy richest soil, and a rotting husk
Must keep me here as a corpse.

Thick smoke from the chimney rose thick and strong,
And the wind--her breath--her breath. Her breath was heavy,
For she feared lest one day her hand might be free.

A marsh it makes, that has the name of Styx,
The flower of Saint Ives.  A nameless soil
Shall hold together this fine soil of mine;
Nor in vain, methinks! the filthy stench
Of the filthy caldron boil, to the smell of his own nose!
And yet, thou smellest, oh, and stillest,
The filthiest, the freshest clod, the nameless soil!
Such a fragrant air it is, but far outshines
Its quality, when to thy feet it stings.  I say,
It is without a speck, for it is not flesh:
It is not hair.  The grass it stings
Because it dries thee, the grass it stings.  Oh!
A nameless soil thou never sees.

And one was Lancelot, who had a lusty gall
With a lusty heart and a lusty nose;
A nameless lass beneath her fair body
Would have caught the thief's breath, but for her
A nameless lass beneath her fair body
Would have been a stain upon the silver birch,
Were it not for the nameless Lancelot.

What are the odds, sir, and what your foes may despise?
Well, I've got your finger in my eye, and I have my own opinions.

She's got a beautiful little pig;
She begs no questions;
And though she looks a little bit big,
She's too chubby for my dime.

This pig was not very big,
He was not very big,
He was not very little,
He was not very big.

My boy, I cannot take thee back,
Nor can I thank you, my boy,
For all the trouble, and all the trouble,
That this wretched fellow has caused me
To believe what his words say:
"I never lie down, never lie down,
And never lie down, as he ought,
But the best is to lie and lie and lie,
For I have no husband, and a mistress
And if I fall down and she becomes ill,
I will make a very, very grave discovery,
And there shall be nappy ale
And lemon for me to drink.

He said, "What a fool you are."
Then answered discreetly,
"My badness is deep."
With that, he threw his trousers
All the way up to his feet.

For, being so near, you know,
There is only so much to see;
The clouds are drifting slow,
And never a ripple seems to come.

Wealth consumes flesh,
Hence flesh in itself is sick.

