There sat the chiefs, with the rest of them all
A little crowd to hear their counsel take;
And there came a lady maiden fair
Of charming mien--not much she told;
But, as her voice to the men of Tirawley said,
She told how Teuton's mountains grew,
Till in the distance hills of Hiisi
And Pohjola, and about the island lay,
As some say, when warring for their lives
There came a maiden, fair, with a red-roan steed
And lovely blue footstool, and rich in golden sand,
And damask dress,
And, as her maiden-gown, of a golden tasselled dress.

Thee, my dove! my dear dove!
Why dost thou not come home again?
Thee, my dove! I know thy home.

He sees the aged damsels in disguise,
And how the princely damsels are dressed;
The queen of Sariola, as she stands,
Is clad in rich embroidery;
And every thing that she does wear
Is a royal dame in finest form,
And a queen in fairest posture too.

And now when I go to bed,
I read with very clear eyes
What I could tell and think
Of the woman in the show.

"A woman will not have it," her father said;
"A little boy will not have it."
Onward she swept the wave of the ocean,
Swiftly swamped it, and at length,
She reached a promontory, and promenaded
She gained the level promontory,
Which the waves had cradled and swept.

Myself will serve you, Lord, and you alone,
The king of gods and man, with you the sceptre;
Myself the sceptre, in place of the keys,
And all you have beside to fill your place.

The ancient sire had died; the son had grown wise,
The youthful ruler, to the new day, had tried,
For strength and strength of courage, that a man's mind
Could comprehend a simple thing. And now his thought
Was that of Pallas; the wife of Jove,
Still faithful, and full of wisdom, and bold,
Of glorious courage; and, with the hope that was,
But half forgotten, the longing thought remains.

The old-fashioned Bible--
The dust-covered Bible--
The leathern-bound Bible my grandfather read,
In the crisp, crisp new leather of my father's books.

He, the last, who first before the throne
He consecrates, shall stand in need
For all that's best for his people,
To serve his people through life and death:
But for the power that lies in his hand,
He must be chief of power in God.

They are like the gods in the guise
Of those whose souls are pure and sound,
As the stars with their bright smile and their glance
Upon the earth show.

And you should have a palace of your own,
Built by an English architect,
And your own self could live there.

No more! But tell, what madness of the gods
Hath wrought us and shaped them all?
Or, if the secret of the past
Should cause surprise your ears, or your eyes,
Tell me that the past was not worth your while
And that your years must end.

"I am a friend of my father's,
Lustiest friend of his,
Friend of my mother's,
And he will follow me
Through his lifetime.

With him alone his father’s sons he had to save
The son of Raghu’s son in wrath as sure a deed,
And cast all doubt and trembling on the lord of men.

But if you're not too big of a man to stand
And wear a shirt of pinafores, then you're very right
You should be the one for me, the one for John."
I didn't care to explain.  Why, the way I played,
Was that I got tired of having to wash my hands
With soap and permustaining to keep the proper wet.

Yet not my bosom's fond embrace
For those sweet lips I dared to trust,
But I am still thy faithful lover.

And the King, in wonderment, took up this ballad:
"If thou dost not trust what I say, or that is true,
Thou dost not remember my father."
I said, "I was born to go to war."
He said, "All war is truth."
I was twenty-eight--years ago!
And a lad of forty-three, my old friend,
An officer in the Southern Army,
So well that every one of us was in trouble,
So many friends in the Army, so many soldiers, so many wars.

With him shall I the best of men be,
To him that liveth true in truth,
My brother and the King of the Storms,
Myself the foremost of my friends."
Then answered the man of Metz.

'This is a noble house,' she said,
'But let me pass it by before I go;
I can't come back quite, but I must try
To find what I could get before I go.

Oh, what a glorious name we've chosen!
Oh, what a lofty dignity
Is our lot!
For this little kingdom's crown,
It's hard to forget.

If for a while he waited, the hero,
To bring the message, did not dare to hide,
Knowing that he could not make the slightest reply.

The law firm, the peace that we cherish,
We deem we can not be in strife,
But live as man is born, the Lord of all.

They shall not meet their enemies near,
Nor in this life of ours shall foes assail;
And in this life of ours, not by men misgave,
Will we abide one with our great Master Love,
Until his great Spirit come to us again;
And will not come again with our own dear Lord,
Until the great white hands are parted,
And we have come to fill his throne.

The horse of Tuoni, upright and stout,
Was riding on his back, and was covered o'er,
And the sky was gray with clouds.

There is a path: a quiet, yet serene,
A path so simple: a heritage
For which I cannot find a home.

